I will talk about the Maniets.
The Maniets are one of the traditional dance pieces,
but later they are used as a symphony or a song for indoor music.
The Maniets are similar to the Koshin songs, but they are used in the two parts of the Maniets and the trio.
They are similar to the Koshin songs, but they have a three-part rhythm.
They have a more elegant character.
I will play the Maniets of Beethoven.
The first movement.
The second movement.
This is repeated.
The first movement of the Maniets is played from the three notes of the Choch.
It is played from the three notes of the Choch as the first movement.
The second movement shows a decisive note and flows into the Choch's minor scale.
The third movement.
The fourth movement, or the second movement, is a changeable movement.
This is repeated.
The third movement, which comforts oneself, is the same movement as the second movement.
It is the same melody as the second movement, and the ending is in the first note of the song.
It is played in the melody.
This is the trio.
The trio shows a relatively light figure compared to the Maniets, which were very distant.
This is the first part of the trio.
The second part of the trio.
The first and second movements are repeated in the same way as the Maniets.
And then, again,
the Choch returns to the Choch's minor scale.
This time, without repeating,
it is immediately transferred to the second part of the Maniets.
And the song is gradually shown a gentle movement and is connected.